{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My name is Casey Des Rosier. I'm working towards a degree in illustration, & took VMD 105 as a way to begin familiarizing myself with the digital tools currently available. My design process has been completely 'analog' up to now; I've been working diligently towards mastery of drawing & painting. I had very minimal exposure to any of the programs we've discussed in this class, so it's been a very great learning experience for me. I am old enough to have been a MySpace & LiveJournal user "back in the day," so I've used HTML/CSS before.\
\
My goal for the raster assignment was to create a simple visual banner featuring my name. I used a photo I\'92d taken from the Bay Bridge as the background and a photo of my face over the sky which I attempted to blend into the fog. I decided to improve the relatively new SF skyline with a little picture of my cat. I chose a font which was bold but decreased the opacity to tie in with the transparency of the border I created. All in all I acheived my goal which was to design something simple and appropriate for my skill level with Photoshop, but also cohesive and interesting to look at.\
\
For my vector assignment, we were getting close to Halloween (my favorite holiday) so I decided to draw a spooky character/scene which could be used as a party invitation or perhaps a band flyer for a Halloween show. I definitely ran into a time crunch with this one, but it was still fun to work with illustrator and I learned a lot from this assignment. One main lesson I learned was to budget more time for selecting the right font!\
\
My animation was planned out as a Halloween e-card, since I was using the existing character from the vector assignment. In addition to this character, I drew a bat in illustrator, plus a spiral to apply rotation to for the background, and cartoon-y clouds for which I utilized frame-by-frame animation instead of motion tweens, since my vision was for these clouds to sway back and forth in a somewhat irregular fashion. I now have a thorough appreciation for how time-consuming it is to create animation.\
\
For the Print Layout assignment I was mostly concerned with unifying the look of the raster, vector, and animation projects using one style. I used the same font from my raster assignment, and selected colors that would tie together those used in all of my projects.}